[Music]
it seems that all girls love to wear
their boyfriends or husbands clothes
around the house such things always feel
cozy and comfortable we talked to a
woman who decided to switch wardrobes
with her husband and this is what
happened at first I felt hesitant about
the whole idea for me like for many
other girls to wear men's clothing was
almost like an unspoken taboo but I also
felt curious to know about the perks of
donning such decidedly unfeminine items
luckily I quickly managed to get my
bearings and find winning solutions
thanks to my stylist friend El Mira we
opened the Wardrobe and pulled out all
of my husband's clothes and then we
began to create a combined mix and try
Stephan and this is how this fun journey
began day 1 when el muro first invited
me to choose these military-style
looking pants they waved my arms in
protest I thought they'd make me look
like some kind of rapper and that's what
I was looking for but even though the
pants are obviously a few sizes too big
it can be easily fixed
god bless the belts and they looked
stylish especially in combination with
high heels in a figure enhancing t-shirt
we completed the image with a cat I felt
I was getting everyone's attention and I
liked it fierce but still feminine day 2
did you know that sweatshirts go
perfectly well not only with pants but
also with skirts
I didn't that's why I had a few doubts
about donning a man's sweatshirt
basically there are no different from
women's ones if you're in the men's
department and happened to like such an
item go ahead and buy it without a
second thought I also put on heavy
lace-up boots this only emphasized my
tenderness and femininity as for the Hat
it added a hint of playfulness some new
styles developing guys day 3 in my
husband's wardrobe was a denim shirt
that he stopped wearing a
time ago why not try it on right so I
risked donning it with a marsala colored
pencil skirt surprisingly the result
turned out to be pretty hot in my
opinion this look is suitable for any
occasion at work a colleague even has to
be where I bought this shirt when I told
her it was my husband she didn't believe
me
seriously men are quite lucky some of
their clothes are 10 times cooler than
those in the women's Department day 4
after a hard day at the office my
workmates and I decided to spend the
evening together I decided to put on
something cool and versatile O'Meara
promptly dug up an interesting khaki
colored shirt and advised me to tie it
in a knot at the waist a very
comfortable and stylish decision along
with aviator glasses and tight pants the
image became complete I felt beautiful
finding a good shirt in the women's
department is tough you mainly come
across models with bounces or flowers so
for this particular article of clothing
head straight to menswear I ended up
with a bit of a military look but still
interesting enough to turn heads day 5
trench coats are another type of
clothing that can conveniently be worn
by both men and women use this to your
favorite ladies my husband's arms are
much longer than mine but that's no big
deal I just rolled up the sleeves and
headed out to conquer the world in
excellent spirits ha menswear the things
you do to me day 6 today I decided to
let my hair down in terms of clothing
and overall vibrancy to might surprise
Amira offered me a striped vest pointing
out that it's not just something
associated with sailors but also a
symbol of French chic so the decision to
turn into charming and bubbly french
lady was made such Vettes look good on
anyone and can visually freshen your
face
thanks to contrasting stripes note that
striped vests go especially well with
blue or red items don't be afraid to be
original it'll always make you
good day seven your husband sweaters
hats and scarves are at the top of the
list of things you can wear without any
reservations never mind if the sweater
is a bit oversized this will only add
trendiness and make it even more
comfortable and by the way for some
reason men sweaters always feel more
warm and cozy didn't you notice that in
other words they're a perfect choice for
fall weather
do you like my low-key look leave your
opinions in the comments
day8 no important meetings at work today
so el Mira and I decided to go for the
relaxed and laid-back image again for
this we use the men's cashmere sweater
and men's jeans these clothes so you
don't like fully roomy they don't you'll
type anywhere and it's pure heaven I
think after this little experiment we're
certainly going to share some clothes
with my husband he'll feel about day9
jackets are one of the most versatile
types of clothing according to a Mira
they are great for any occasion and go
well with almost anything
for example combined with pumps
boyfriend jeans and of all things a
clutch bag a jacket ensures an elegant
and relaxed appearance so your
femininity won't hurt at all I wore such
combination to my friend's birthday
party and no one even suspected that the
jacket I was sporting was in fact my
husband and don't get me started on the
compliments they just kept on coming day
ten on the last day of the experiment my
eyes felt
husbands pristine white shirt it looked
way too big for me but I already knew
how to fix this little problem roll up
its sleeves tuck it into a pencil skirt
and you're good to go to me the result
look too daring and elegant the perfect
choice for any working woman as an
afterthought we chose a large men's
watch it added fragility to the overall
image results
well my challenge is now complete and
here's what I can say as a conclusion
all the men's clothes I wore turned out
to be extremely comfortable and
functional they didn't ride up or
anything I think that we need to discard
our prejudices along the lines of I'm a
girl so menswear will make me look ugly
you limit yourself against so many
benefits of the men's clothing you can't
even imagine
her femininity is not something
superficial so it won't disappear if you
decide to wear your husband's things
feel free to make occasional rates on
your significant others wardrobe you
should also visit the men's department
more often and don't even pay attention
to all these looks from sales assistants
from now on that's what I'll be doing
for sure
would you like to conduct some
experiments as well tell us in the
comment section below give this video a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
and subscribe to our channel if you want
to stay on the bright side of life with
us see you soon